And I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young This I know,  this I know  She told me, "Don't worry about it" She told me, "Don't worry no more" We both knew we can't go without it She told me you'll never be in love oh oh oooh  I can't feel my face when I'm with you, but I love it, but I love it I can't feel my face when I'm with you, but I love it, but I love it   Your man on the road, he doing promo You said keep our business on the low-low I'm just tryna get you out the friendzone 'Cause you look even better than the photos I can't find your house, send me the info Driving through the gated residential  Found out i was coming, sent your friends home Keep on tryna hide it but your friends know I only call you when it's half past five The only time that i'll be by your side  I only love it when you touch me, not feel me  When i'm fucked up, that's the real me  When i'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only fuck you when it's half past five    You make it look like it's magic Cause I see nobody, nobody but you, you, you I'm never confused Hey, hey  I'm so used to being used So I love when you call unexpected Cause I hate when the moment's expected So I'ma care for you, you, you I'ma care for you, you, you, you, yeah Cause girl you're perfect You're always worth it And you deserve it The way you work it Cause girl you earned it Girl you earned it    Thinking of you - yeah, I'll think of you all day - think of your kiss kissing my lips... I'll remember this always. Got the goofiest grin - got a big smile on my face - hey you, let's get out of this place... grab my hand, let's go.  Say it's young love at it's best and I tell you I'll remember: Breaking you out through your bedroom window, sneaking you into my parents' house and staying out all night and into the morning into the morning breaking you out through your bedroom window, sneaking you into my parents' house and staying out all night and into the morning until the sun comes up and ruins it all.  Monday morning's first class - ditch it! - we'll hang out in the parking lot...    Take your nose off my keyboard What you bothering me for? There's a room full of niggas What you following me for? This ain't no fucking sing-along So girl, what you singing for? It's cause we blowing like a C4 Got my whole crew blowing like a C4 20's keep the bar rolling Fake ID's and the trash we going Straight to the top, rooftop glows With a handful of girls and they all so foreign Rain so poisoned, rainbows flowing   